WHAT IS AN ASSET?

In general, asset records are used for financial and contractual tracking. The asset lifecycle starts with a request and ends with the asset’s 
disposal or salvage. Assets tend to deal with financial, procurement and inventory, consumption and disposal, depreciation, contracts 
and licenses and entitlement Information and answer questions such as:

What is the current value?
When is the maintenance contract due?
Do I need to reorder?
What is the physical location?
Is the software usage over-subscribed?

WHAT IS A CI?

On the other hand, CIs represent the operational configuration aspect of a hardware item, software license or business service 
and their relationship(s) to each other.CIs are referenced from Incidents, Problems and Change Requests. 
The CI lifecycle starts when the item becomes operational and ends when it is taken out of service. 
As such, we look at CIs to answer questions such as:

How is the CI used?
Who is the business or maintenance owner for the CI?
Are there Incidents, Change requests or Problem records related to the CI?
Is the CI’s relationship to other CIs, including business service(s), supported?
Is the CI related to a customer satisfaction survey?

So, when you’re identifying if an item should be treated as an asset, CI or both you can use the following to help:

It’s an asset if:

You care about tracking the item’s purchase, cost, depreciation, etc.
Documenting the service status, end-of-life and/or destruction is required
There are associated contracts such as maintenance, warranty, license, etc.
Inventory tracking is expected
It’s a CI if:

It supports a business service
It may be associated with an Incident, Problem or Change record
You need to know the item’s relationship to other items
Ultimately, how you determine if something should be treated as an asset, CI or both is, in large part, determined by how you identify, track and use the item.

Another area that people find it difficult to differentiate is a configuration item and an asset. Some of us feel that both are same.
I will focus this post on key differences between the two.

Asset has a financial value along with a depreciation rate attached to it. 
IT assets are just a sub-set of it. Anything and everything that has a cost and the organization uses it for its asset value calculation
and related benefits in tax calculation falls under Asset Management, and such item is called an asset. Asset's life is for duration till 
its financial value becomes 'Zero', which depends on the associated depreciation rate. There is no relationship between assets.

Configuration Item or CI on the other hand may or may not have financial values assigned to it.
It will not have any depreciation linked to it. Thus, its life would not be dependent on its financial value 
but will depend on the time till that item becomes obsolete for the organization. CI has a relationship. 
So from a CI all information on subsequent parent and child CIs can easily be obtained. Also, CI is restricted to items specific for use in live IT environment.

Let’s take an example that can easily signify the similarity and differences:
1) Similarity:
Server - It is both an asset as well as a CI.

2) Difference:
Building - It is an asset but not a CI.
Document - It is a CI but not an asset. 