What is a metric?
Metrics measure data over time to show past history.
 A metric is used to measure and evaluate the effectiveness 
of IT Service Management process.

 --An example of a metric is that it could measure the 
effectiveness of the incident resolution process by 
calculating how long it takes to resolve an incident.
 --Metrics are viewed in SN by going to Metrics > Definitions

What are the types of metrics?

a. Field value duration - measures a time interval 
from when a value in a field is achieved until it is changed.
b. Script calculation - creates a metric instance using script.
The script does calculations and inserts data into the metric 
table [metric_instance]. Using a script calculation gives 
you additional leverage to capture and record data.

What are some of the ways the knowledge base is populated?
a. Manually - by creating news articles
 b. Automatically - from events or from an incident or task
 --You can develop a business rule that generates a news item
 c. Importing existing articles
 d. From the Service Catalog using a record producer
 e. From an existing problem record,
 --The problem application plugin has a workarounds feature

What is a Record producer and how does it relate to the 
Service Catalog?
A record producer provides a user-friendly alternative to the regular form interface. Record producers populate record data using variables and scripts
 --They ask users a series of questions to assist in the request process.
 --This assists them in providing correct and relevant information on forms.
 --They provide a single point of entry to create an incident or request.

What role allows users to define catalog items?	
Catalog_admin

True or False -
An update set is a "point in time" XML snapshot of the record?
True. An update set works by writing changes from tracked tables to the customer updates table [sys_update_xml)

By default in Service Now, what customizations are added to Update Sets?
Changes made to a form are included in an Update Set. 
Changes made to data, a schedule, or a homepage are not included.


True or false - 
Update sets should not be deleted.
True. Deleting update sets is not recommended for three reasons:
 i. It does not undo the updates made to the set
 ii. It removes any record of who applied customization's to any instance
 iii. Next upgrade, customizations will be over written


What are UI Policies?	
UI policy is client side business rules.
Examples of UI policy - by qualification or criterion
 i. Make a Close Notes field mandatory
 ii. Hide the Opened by field
 iii. Make the Priority, Severity, and Urgency fields read-only
 iv. Run a client script that displays an alert message	



What are UI Actions?	
UI Actions are an easy way to put buttons, links, and context menu items on forms and lists, making the UI more interactive, customizable, and specific to user activities. 

 These buttons, links, and context menu items can be scripted, making them more powerful.
 UI Actions include:
 1. Form buttons
 2. Form context menu items (right-click the header)
 3. Form links (Related Links in a form)
 4. List buttons
 5. List context menu items (right-click a record)
 6. List choices (at the bottom of a list)
 7. List links (Related Links at the bottom of a list)
 ii. UI actions are given access via permission


What is a Business Rule?
A business rule is a piece of JavaScript configured to run (perform an action) when a record is displayed, inserted, updated, deleted, or when a table is queried. 

 A business rule can be set to run before or after the database action has occurred. 
 In the case of a query, the business rule runs before the database operation, so that the data returned to the user is appropriate to their system privileges (user roles). 

 A typical business rule might execute a script after a user updates an incident or escalates the priority of a change request. Use a business rules to create new events for email notification and script actions.

What is a Workflow?	
A workflow is a virtual representation of tasks consisting of connected steps planned out in a sequential manner. Workflows are tracked in the sc_request table

 For each step in the workflow, an activity is processed
 --The behavior is determined when the activity begins
 --Workflows provide a summary of workflow progress by updating any field designated as a stage field.	


What are 3 ways to attach workflows to particular requests?	
a. Manually on the catalog item form
 b. Automatically based on condition
 c. Automatically if there are no other workflows



Once a Service Catalog Request is submitted, what workflow stages does the request go to?	
a. Waiting for approval
 b. Fulfillment
 c. Delivery
 d. Completed
 e. Request Cancelled	


The Graphical Workflow Editor is used to drive delivery of a service catalog order; what are the three basic components to generate and assign?
a. Approvals
 b. Notifications
 c. Tasks

 --ANT	

What are common Out of the Box places where workflows are commonly seen in Service Now?	
a. Routine Changes
 b. Emergency Changes
 c. Service Level Agreements (SLA)	

On the schema map Green means?	
Are tables that have been extended by the table you're viewing

On the schema map Blue means?	
Are tables that are extending the table you're viewing

On the schema map Red means?
Are tables that are "referenced by" the table you're viewing	


Key Metrics to baseline and Monitor
Memory
 Responce Time
 Available Semaphores (Control the number of user transaction that run in parallel)


What Happens if a row level rule and a field level rule are in conflict.
Both Rules must be met before an operation is allowed - 
Example would be a rule that allows access to a column 
and a rule that denies access to row. First rule has no effect. access denied.





Access control are evaluated from?
the specific to general, allowing access only 
if all conditions evaluate to true. Evaluating independently all conditions.




What is the major difference between Business Rules and Client Scripts?	
Business rules apply consistently to records regardless of how their accessed 
client Scripts only apply when editing through a form.Business Rules are NOT real time.


On the schema map Orange means?	
this is the table that you're currently referencing.


what are the six ways to populate the CMDB?
1. Discovery, an automated service now product. 
 2. Import sets. 
 3. Integrate with external CMDB's. 
 4. Web services. 
 5. Help the helpdesk from with in in ServiceNow. 
 6. Manual input	


what is a workflow activity?	
it is a work flow block that organizes the individual actions of the workflow performs as it runs.




workflow activities include:
Approvals - (which allow workflows to generate and manage approvals while driving a record to fulfillment. )
 Conditions - (which are activities available for a workflow. )
 Notifications - (which allow workflows to notify users of the events
 that occurred during the workflow. )
 Tasks - (which create and modify task. These activities are only 
available when the workflow is defined to run on the table which extends tasks.)
 Timers - (which positive workflow for a set period of time. )
 Utilities -( which provide useful controls over the path of the workflow, and other useful tools.)	


What is Dot-Walking?	
Dot-Walking can get information from a series of reference fields from different tables:



What is Contextual Security
allows you to secure a record based on its contents, with the simple security manager,
 you could secure fields and tables by adding roles to the appropriate dictionary entry.	






Retroactive start when activated does what?	
When activated, works with the Set Start to field and 
calculates the start time to equal when the incident was created	