
1. Acronym for RITM- Requested Item

2. If a table abc is created what is the sys name-u_abc

3. Application Navigator displays application based on the roles

4. If you click on BSM Map CI Icon will be in the Center and upstream and downstream will be on either sides

5. what are all customizable? Table, Forms, Views, Fileds.

6. Filter- Field, Operator, Value

7. Column is a field in a table and record is a row in the table.-Tables organized

8. Submit buttons is visible during the creation of a new record

9. SSO- Single Sign On-some ques

10. What will happen when an incident record is saves- Priority will be calculated based in Urgency and Impact.

11. Ques on Delegate-easy 1

12. Relationship btwn Incident and Task

13. Relationship btwn Incident, Problem, Change with Task

14. Performance of Home Page- Refresh rate off

15. Difference between Client Script & Business Rule- 2 options will look alike. Read it carefully. Client scripts can be done on Load, on change and on submit. That is the option

16. Order guide -Use

17. What is ACL- used in Contexutal Security

18. Ques on Retroactive Start- Read the options carefully-provides the ability for sla to start from a specified event

19. Ques on Contextual manager-little confusing. Ans is something to do with Attachments

20. Ques on what does Inbound email action do

21. One rule in row level and one rule in column level- both shud be true

22. WF definition

23. Sla for a task is in task_sla table

24. SC variables- global setting ques

25. KB can be accessed using News from Homepages

26. in Tables & Columns mobules what will be visible- Tables names, Field Names and Field attributes

27. UI action -condition field wat is the use- to make the ui action visible

28. cmdb definition- tangible and intangible business assets

29. some que on req item-ans maintain item

30. reference icon -identify-magnifying glass icon

31. que on coalesce field- it will update if a match is found

32. what is impersonate func used for- for testing purpose

33. difference between save & insert- save stays on the same page. insert goes out

34. if a homepage is customized then the name is prefixed with "My"

35. based on the no of seats arrange the order of roles- ess, itil, deletegated admin, admin

36. 1 que on update set- was very tricky. options was so confusing. ans- something which says upgrades to the existing customzations

37. SC home page-Order guide, record producer, catalog items,

38. Some ques on baseline update set

39. some ques on default update set

40. To make KB articles visible even when logged of make it public.
