30JUNE-2015 SNOW Questions Answers

Q.1 Which section of the ServiceNow  GUI contains the global search feature?

 a>List pane
 b>Lower navigation bar
 c> Banner(Correct Answer)
 d> Application Navigator

 Q2. Which one of the following includes a quick way an approval manager can approve a service catalog request?
 a>In the request list, right-click the REQ Number and select Approve Request.(Correct Answer).
 b>In the Catalog tasks list, right-click the task Number and select Approve.
 c>In the catalog tasks form, select Approve from the State field drop-down list.
 d> On the requested Item form, select Approve from the request field drop-down list.

Q3. Which one of the Following statements describe the purpose of a Service Catalog Workflow?
 a>	The Service catalog workflow is used to drive complex fulfillment processes and sends notifications to defined users or groups.
 b>	The Service catalog workflow generates three basic components: item variable types,tasks, and approvals.(Correct Answer)
 c>	The Service catalog workflow generates three basic components: item variable types,tasks, and notifications.
 d>	Although a service catalog workflow cannot send notifications, the workflow drives complex fulfillment processes.

Q4. What do you mean by group??
Answer : it is a record in sys_user_group table.

Q5. What do you mean by Role?
Answer : it is record in Sys_user_role table.

Q.6. what do you mean by user?
A-> it is a record in sys_user table.

Q.7 Which of the following is Core tables in ServiceNow?
A-> users(sys_user) & Task table- remember cmdb_ci is also core table but it was not given in option.

Q8.which of the following is a list of what the Service catalog contains??

a->order Guides, catalog items and interceptors
b->catalog items, Asset Contracts, Task Surveys
c->Order Guides, Exchange rates, Calenders
d-> record producers,order guides and Catalog Items(Correct Answer)

Q.9 In an Incident form, which one of the following isa n example of a UI policy??

a-> Export field data from list.
b->Add a module to an application.
c->makea priority field read-only(Correct answer)
d->Export field data from a from.
 
Q.10 New records, new records and modified configurations items(CIs): what is they have in common?

a. they are included in an update Set.
b. they are Customizations.(either this)
c. they do not have anything in common.
d. they are not captured in an update set.(either this)

at some places it is written that it is not a customization and some place it is Customizations..

check these links:
 https://quizlet.com/45264126/service-now-admin-course-flash-cards/
http://www.plug2learn.com/ServiceNow-training.html





Q.11. In the Application navigator, how is the list of applications determined??

a. the list of applications is determined by the service level agreements(SLAs).
b. Every user has all the applications and uses filtering to end and access applications.
c. the list of applications is but according to the roles that have been assigned to the user.(correct answer)
d. the department manager assigns applications to each user in the department.


note : in exam question was.. if some applications are missing for a user ..what could be the possible reason for that. Answer is users do not have right role .

remember : Applications are visible in ServiceNow according to role assign to user.

Q.12 which of the following is an correct list of changes that are captured in an update set?

a. changes made to" tables,forms,business rules and data records.
b. changes made to : table,forms,views,fields(correct answer).
c. changes made to: tables,forms,Schdules,and client scripts
d. changes made to: tables,groups,and configurations items(CIs).

Q.13 when a user Customize a homepage, the system makesa copy of the homepage and..??

a. renames me homepage with the name of the user.
b. adds a "My" prefix to the homepage name(Correct answer)
c. Does not change anything
d. Maintains the homepage name

Q.14 which one of the following statements is correct when when referring to UI Actions?

a. UI Actions on the task table are not available to its extended tables.
b. UI Actions are only executed on the Server.
c. Ui Actions cannot use Scripts or be Scripted.
d. Conditions can be speciified to determine when a Ui Action appers.(Correct Answer)

Q.15.When an Event triggers??n or used for triggering an event??
 choose two option.
answer 1) Bussiness rule  2) Workflow

Q.16. When an Event triggers?? or used for triggering an event??
 choose 3 option
answer 1) Script 2) Bussiness rule  3)Workflow
     

Q.17  The Graphical Workflow Editor is used to drive delivery of a service catalog order; what are the three basic components to generate and assign?

a. Approvals
b. Notifications
c. Tasks

Q.18 Which of the following is varibale type(Service catalog)?
a.  Multiple Choice, Single Line Text, and Select Box, check box-(check box was given in question)-out of these 4 options 3 was given

Oredered and Number list- these are not types of variable.

Q.19 True or False - 
It is best practice to never make changes to an update set in the Default update set.  True.

remember..According to Servicenow, global update set should not moved to another instance.

Q.20. How can you check which version ServiceNow instance you are using??

A-> system disgnostics->Stats-> Stats-(here u will find version and build name)

Q.21. question on workflow.. answer was
 users have same role to  can make changes in workflow..so workflow is checkout first and then edited(1 users at a time make a changes in workflow)

Q.22 ? What are the benefits of using groups? 
choose 4 options

a. Permissions and Access - Simplified ability to assign permissions
b. Identifies a subset of users for role and skill assignment
c. Provide a reference for alerts and notifications
d. Email notifications 

Q.23 What are the possible import sources?
A- CSV,Excel,XML

Q.25 A horizontal display of filter conditions showing the hierarchy of the conditions used to display the form or list results.

A-> Breadcrumb

Q.26 ? 
? ? What is the the high security plugin in Service Now?

High security creates a security_admin elevated privilege role. 
The elevated privilege role is manually assigned and not inherited from any role. The elevated privilege only exists during current session.

--Accessed from System Security > High Security Settings: 


Q.27 ACL is part of which security?

A) Physical Security  B) Compliance Security  C) Contextual Security  D) None of the above 

anser- c) contextual security

Q.28 Which among the following is true regarding ACLs?

A->If there are row and field ACLs, user has to satisfy both to have access to the field.

Q.29 What is a Transform Map in ServiceNow?

A-> A map to determine relationships between fields displaying in an Import Set to fields in an existing table .
remember: we can import data into all tables of Service now.(not only in incident,problem,user,requested item table but to all the tables present in Servicenow).

Q.30  Change in gear icon effect all users- false



Q.31  how can you enable and disable an application --- right click on application->edit menu application-> check or unckeck Active Checkbox.

Q.32  service catalog ordering seQuence -- A->  REQ>RITM>TASK-- their was two question on it.

Q.33  if two merged update sets are modifing the same object which will get updated in update set--
     A-> the latest update gets precedance

Q.34- ACL applies on?
 A- row,field, table--choose according to option.

Q.35 Filter are defined with following attributes in Service Now
 

 A) Field name, operator and Value.(correct answer) 
 B) Variables, Operator and Values.  
C) Operands, Operator and Values

Q.36 .parent table for incident,problem,change??
task table

Q.37. How do you edit/ create a workflow?
A) Graphical Workflow Editor (Correct answer)
 B) Vi-Editor 
 C) Paintshop 
 D) XML Editor 

Q.38 -Question on sys_id---
is a unique 32 character Globaly Unique ID (GUID) used to indentify a record. All tables have it but it may not show in all tables. 


Q.39- Which one on homepage will access knowledge?
A) News  B) Catalog item  C) Report  D) All

Anwer- a)news


Q.40 What controls enable admins to set mandatory and read only states for fields and can be used to enforce data consistence across applications?

Answer- Data policy.

Q.41..Question on delegate...
What is the Delegate? 
A delegate is another user in the instance designed to receive and interact with approvals and tasks assigned or sent to you. 


Q.42 Question on definition of BSM map

What is a business service map (bsm)? 
business service map graphically displays the configuration items that compose a business service and indicates the status of those configuration items. 


Q.43 Question on Pause SLA condition
answer : it depend on SLA pause condition..tricky one..whatever condition we give SLA pause .

Q.44.. Question on Plugin?

Answer->it provide additional functionality 

Q.45 Question on Knowledge--answer is Publish article..after it is published it is visible to  all.

Q.46.Question on Event registry

Q.47 question on service catalog item---answer is maintain item

Q.48. 
If a request is rejected what happens?

 A-> notification is sent and sets the status to cancelled


Q.49..question on client transaction??


Q.50. what does SaaS stands for??

software as a service

Q.51. What are the different types of UI actions?
 // Form buttons,Form context menu items,Form links,List buttons,List context menu items,List choices,List links 


Q.52 What is the difference between client scripts and business rules?
 // client : runs on browser side onload,onsubmit,onchange,oncelledit,BR : runs on application server and database BEFORE/AFTER. 


Q.53 How to make a UI Policy global? 
// checking the global field on UI policy form. 

Q.54
2. steps to import new data from the spreadsheet 
//Load Data -> Transform map -> run transform

Q.55 if you personalize form and move fields from selected to available in the slushbucket will they appear on the form?
// no
